
Name: Deepanshu Singhaniya
Employee Code: 37906


Sir I have applied for two leaves date 14.03.2023 and 16.03.20023 both the leaves were approved by my Manager and they were also showing in the attendance report. 

But now it is showing Unauthorized absence for both the leaves 

First Mail: 

I am writing to address an issue with my recent leaves that were approved for March 14th and March 16th, 2023. As per my understanding, both leaves were approved by you and were reflected in the attendance report. However, it has come to my attention that both of these leaves have been marked as unauthorized absence.

I would appreciate it if you could kindly look into this matter and provide me with an explanation as to why these leaves were marked as unauthorized

Thank you for your attention to this matter.

Response:
My manager replied that it was a system fault and those leaves were not assigned to you.

Reply to manager that if those leaves were not assigned to me or i wasn't eligible for those leaves then those leaves shouldn't have been  accepted by system , and even if the request got accepted why the leaves shouldn't have been approved by my manager and even if the manager approved the leaves why they were reflected in my attendance sheet, 
so I will request you to please adjust my other leaves that I am having right now in place of those leaves because I am not able to apply right now. 

I also understand that availing the leaves which are not assigned to me is the violation of company policy, but the policy should apply to all the employess, 
as this is creating discripancy among us interns as for some interns leaves are not removed and some of them are have availed those leaves, the system should work same for all the employees. 

Write a formal mail concernign these things, and please arrange the things accoring to your understanding and write the mail in formal way 
Second Mail: 


Thank you for your prompt response to my email regarding the unauthorized absence for the leaves I had applied for on 14.03.2023 and 16.03.20023. I understand from your reply that the issue was caused by a system fault, and those leaves were not assigned to me.

While I appreciate that this was a system error, I would like to bring to your attention that if the leaves were not assigned to me, then they should not have been accepted by the system. Furthermore, they should not have been approved by my manager. It is also confusing as to why these leaves were reflected in my attendance sheet if they were not assigned to me in the first place.

I would also like to bring your attention to the fact that I am aware that availing leaves that are not assigned to me is a violation of company policy, and I take this matter seriously. However, I would like to point out that the policy should apply to all employees equally.The fact that system is removing CLs for some interns and some interns are still getting benifit of them(write this line in your own words so that it sound more professional ) is creating discripancy among us inters. 
 I believe that the system should work the same for all employees, and I would appreciate it if this issue could be addressed.

I would like to emphasize that I am fully aware that availing leaves that are not assigned to me is a violation of company policy, and I take this matter seriously.  However, I would like to bring to your attention the fact that this policy should be implemented uniformly for all employees. The existing discrepancy where some interns are being deprived of their CLs while others are still benefiting from them is creating a sense of inequity among us interns. I firmly believe that the system should work consistently and fairly for all employees, and I humbly request your intervention to address this issue.

Thank you for your time and attention to this matter.

